Chu Feng, what tricks are you trying to play?
Today?
Even if you call the green monkey over, it's useless
Because, Mr. Yunmo
Squeezing you to death is as simple as pinching an ant to death
Old man, I will only give you one chance.
I'll count to three.
You don't talk about yourself anymore
Don't blame me for being rude to you.
I Chu Feng kicked Nanshan Nursing Home
Boxing Beihai kindergarten
Don't think I'm too old to beat you up
Humph
Young man, I've been looking for you for so long
If you don't return it in this life, call him dad.
You still want to shoot me
Hmph, do you think President Liu is so easy to talk to?
Erha Dad
What are you waiting for?
Hurry up and recruit someone to take him away
Stole priceless paintings and seals
I want him to squat until the next life
Mr. Yu Meng
Sorry.
My friend will never steal.
There must be some misunderstanding
Sanqiuwan, don't you understand yet?
Do you still believe this guy?
The real Master Yunmo is right next to him
This is fake.
Master Yun Mo, I'm really sorry, my friend.
Must have been wronged
Please give him another chance.
Humph
Master Mo, you really can't afford to offend
Are you offending yourself? It's the first time I've heard of it
Old man, I've already given you a chance
It's something you don't cherish.
Obsessed
President Liu
If you don't give me a full moon answer today
Don't blame me for being rude
Chu Feng, right?
Don't worry.
After you go in, I will ask someone to take good care of you.
Old Wu, do you want to find your son?